ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS I. Summary Our business involves various risks and uncertainties, certain of which are discussed in this section. Management divides these risks into five broad categories in assessing how they may affect our financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations, as well as our ability to achieve our strategic business goals and objectives. Our risk categories include: Insurance Risks - risks associated with assuming, or indemnifying for, the losses or liabilities incurred by policyholders, Operating Risks - risks stemming from external or internal events or circumstances that may affect our insurance operations directly or indirectly, Market Risks - risks that may cause changes in the value of assets held in our investment portfolios, Liquidity Risk - risk that our financial condition will be adversely affected by the inability to meet our short-term cash, collateral, or other financial obligations, and Credit and Other Financial Risks - risks that the other party to a transaction will fail to perform according to the terms of a contract, or that we will be unable to satisfy our obligations when due or obtain capital when necessary. We have also included an "Other" section in the discussion below to identify risks that do not fit into one of the categories above. Although we have organized risks generally according to these categories in the discussion below, many of the risks may have ramifications in more than one category. For example, although presented as an Operating Risk below, governmental regulation of insurance companies also affects our underwriting, investing, and financing activities, which are addressed separately under Insurance Risks, Market Risks, and Credit and Other Financial Risks below. These categories, therefore, should be viewed as a starting point for understanding the significant risks facing us and not as a limitation on the potential impact of the matters discussed. Our business and that of other insurers may be adversely affected by a downturn in general economic conditions and other forces beyond our control. Issues such as unemployment rates, the number of vehicles sold, technological advances, home ownership trends, inflation or deflation, tariffs, consumer confidence, and construction spending, among many other factors, will have a bearing on the amount of insurance that is purchased by consumers and small businesses and the costs that we incur. Also, to the extent that we have a concentration of business in one or more states or regions of the country, general economic conditions in those states or regions may have a greater impact on our business. We cannot predict whether the risks and uncertainties discussed in this section, or other risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial, may develop into actual events and impact our business. If any one or more of them does so, the events could materially adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations, and the market prices of our equity or debt securities could decline. This information should be considered carefully together with the other information contained in this report and in the other reports and materials filed by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), as well as news releases and other information we publicly disseminate from time to time. II. Insurance Risks Our success depends on our ability to underwrite and price risks accurately and to charge adequate rates to policyholders . Our financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations depend on our ability to underwrite and set rates accurately for a full spectrum of risks. A primary role of the pricing function is to ensure that rates are adequate to generate sufficient premiums to pay losses, loss adjustment expenses, and underwriting expenses, and to earn a profit. Pricing involves the acquisition and analysis of historical data regarding vehicle accidents, other insured events, and associated losses, and the projection of future trends for such accidents and events, loss costs, expenses, and inflation, among other factors, for each of our products in multiple risk tiers and many different markets. Our ability to price accurately is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation: the availability of sufficient, reliable data our ability to conduct a complete and accurate analysis of available data uncertainties inherent in estimates and assumptions, generally our ability to timely recognize changes in trends and to predict both the severity and frequency of future losses with reasonable accuracy our ability to predict changes in operating expenses with reasonable accuracy - 14 - our ability to reflect changes in reinsurance costs in a timely manner the development, selection, and application of appropriate rating formulae or other pricing methodologies our ability to innovate with new pricing strategies and the success of those strategies our ability to implement rate changes and obtain any required regulatory approvals on a timely basis our ability to predict policyholder retention accurately unanticipated court decisions, legislation, or regulatory actions the frequency, severity, duration, and geographic location and scope of severe weather, and other catastrophe events, which may become more severe and less predictable as a result of climate change our ability to understand the impact of ongoing changes in our claim settlement practices changing vehicle usage and driving patterns, which may be influenced by epidemics, pandemics, other widespread health risks, or changes in oil and gas prices, among other factors, changes in residential occupancy patterns, and the ridesharing economy advancements in vehicle or home technology or safety features, such as accident and loss prevention technologies or the development of autonomous or semi-autonomous vehicles unexpected changes in the medical sector of the economy, including medical costs and systemic changes resulting from national or state healthcare laws or regulations unforeseen disruptive technologies and events the ability to understand the risk profile of significant customers, such as transportation network companies unanticipated changes in auto repair costs, auto parts prices, used car prices, construction requirements, labor and materials costs, and the imposition and impacts of tariffs Various insurance regulations, legislative and regulatory challenges, political initiatives, and other societal pressures seek to limit or prohibit the use of specific rating factors in insurance policy pricing, such as credit, education, and occupation. In our view, these efforts have the potential to significantly undermine the effectiveness of risk-based pricing. If we are unable to use rating factors that have been shown empirically to be highly predictive of risk, we may not be able to as accurately match insurance rates to the applicable risks, which may significantly adversely impact our insurance operating results. The realization of one or more of these risks may result in our pricing being based on inadequate or inaccurate data or inappropriate analyses, assumptions, or methodologies, and may cause us to estimate incorrectly future changes in the frequency or severity of claims. As a result, we could underprice risks, which would negatively affect our underwriting profit margins, or we could overprice risks, which could reduce our competitiveness and growth prospects. In either event, our financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In addition, underpricing insurance policies over time could erode the capital position of one or more of our insurance subsidiaries, thereby constraining our ability to write new business. Our success depends on our ability to establish accurate loss reserves. Our financial statements include loss reserves, which represent our best estimate as of the date of the financial statements of the amounts that our insurance subsidiaries ultimately will pay on claims that have been incurred, and the related costs of adjusting those claims. There is inherent uncertainty in the process of establishing property and casualty insurance loss reserves, which can arise from a number of factors which are, or can be, affected by both internal and external events including: the availability of sufficient, reliable data the difficulty in predicting the rate and direction of changes in frequency and severity trends, including the effects of inflationary pressures or other factors, for multiple products in multiple markets unexpected changes in medical costs, auto repair costs, or the costs of construction labor and materials the imposition and impacts of tariffs labor shortages, which can impact loss expenses directly through higher labor costs, and indirectly through delays in services or through lower quality, as companies hire less experienced workers to perform services unanticipated changes in governing statutes and regulations new or changing interpretations of insurance policy provisions and coverage-related issues by courts the outcome of lawsuits against us or our competitors, including unanticipatedly high jury verdicts or punitive damage awards the effects of changes in our claims settlement practices our ability to recognize fraudulent or inflated claims the accuracy of our estimates regarding claims that have been incurred but not recorded as of the date of the financial statements, including those arising from severe weather or other catastrophe events the accuracy and adequacy of actuarial techniques and databases used in estimating loss reserves the accuracy of the modeling tools that we use, which rely on the assumption that past loss development patterns will persist into the future and vary in the rate at which they incorporate changes in data - 15 - the accuracy and timeliness of our estimates of loss and loss adjustment expenses as determined for different categories of claims The ultimate paid losses and loss adjustment expenses may deviate, perhaps substantially, from point-in-time estimates of such losses and expenses, as reflected in the loss reserves included in our financial statements. Consequently, ultimate losses paid could materially exceed reported loss reserves and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations. Our insurance operating results have been and likely will continue to be materially adversely affected by severe weather and other catastrophe events, and climate change may be exacerbating these events and their impacts. Our insurance operating results have periodically been, and in the future likely will continue to be, materially adversely affected by natural events, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, windstorms, floods, earthquakes, hailstorms, severe winter weather, and fires, or by other events, such as explosions, terrorist attacks, cyberattacks, epidemics, pandemics, or other widespread health risks, riots, and hazardous material releases. The frequency, severity, duration, geographic location, and scope of such events are inherently unpredictable. Moreover, climate change may be contributing to the increase in frequency of severe weather events and other natural disasters, how long they last, and how much insured damage they cause, and may change where the events occur. Catastrophe losses have in the past, and may in the future, adversely affect the profitability of our property business more than they affect the profitability of our other businesses. In addition, our property business has a concentration of policies in force in states with significant exposure to hurricanes and hailstorms and its results have in the past been impacted by catastrophe events in these states to a greater relative degree than some other insurers. The extent of insured losses from a catastrophe event is a function of our total insured exposure in the area affected by the event, the nature, severity, and duration of the event, and the extent of reinsurance that we have obtained with respect to such an event. We use catastrophe modeling tools to help estimate our exposure to such events to price our products and to estimate our losses arising from catastrophe events. Those tools are based on historical data and other assumptions that limit their reliability and predictive value, and they may become even less reliable due to climate change. Therefore, our forecasting efforts may generate projections and loss estimates that prove to be materially inaccurate. As a result, an increase in the frequency, severity or duration, or unanticipated changes in geographic location or scope, of severe weather or other catastrophes could materially adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. Our success will depend on our ability to continue to accurately predict our reinsurance needs, obtain sufficient reinsurance coverage for our property and other businesses at reasonable cost, and collect under our reinsurance arrangements. Our property business relies on reinsurance contracts, state reinsurance funding, and catastrophe bonds (collectively, "reinsurance arrangements") to reduce its exposure to certain catastrophe events. We also use reinsurance contracts to reinsure portions of our Commercial Lines business, including our workers' compensation and business owners' policies and the transportation network company business. See Item 1, Business Reinsurance for further discussion. Reinsurance arrangements are often subject to a threshold below which reinsurance does not apply (often called the retention), so that we are responsible for all losses below the threshold from a covered event. Also, reinsurance policies typically have an aggregate dollar coverage limit, and, therefore, we are further exposed to the extent that our claims liabilities arising from a covered event exceed our reinsurance coverage. In addition, although the reinsurer is liable to us to the extent of the contractual reinsurance coverage, we remain liable under our policies to the insured as the direct insurer on all risks reinsured. As a result, we are subject to the risk that reinsurers will be unable to pay, or will dispute, our reinsurance claims, and this risk may be heightened to the extent climate change or other factors cause higher than anticipated losses for a reinsurer across its businesses. Further, the availability and cost of reinsurance are subject to prevailing reinsurance market conditions, which have been, and in the future could be, adversely impacted by the underwriting capacity of the reinsurance industry. That underwriting capacity can be influenced by several factors, including industry losses, changes in legal and regulatory guidelines, and the occurrence of significant reinsured events, such as weather-related catastrophes, among other things. Depending on the impact of any of these factors, we may not be able to obtain reinsurance coverage in the future at all or with commercially reasonable rates, terms, and conditions. The unavailability and/or increased cost of reinsurance could adversely affect our business volume, profitability, or financial condition. - 16 - III. Operating Risks Our business depends on the secure and uninterrupted operation of our systems, facilities, and business functions and the operation of various third-party systems. Our business is highly dependent upon our ability to perform necessary business functions in an efficient and uninterrupted manner. The shut-down, disruption, degradation, or unavailability of one or more of our systems or facilities, or the inability of large numbers of our employees to communicate in a largely hybrid work environment, for any reason, could significantly impair our ability to perform critical business functions on a timely basis. In addition, many of our critical business systems interface with and depend on third-party systems. An interruption or degradation of service from a third-party system for any reason, or a determination by a vendor to abandon or terminate support for a system, product, obligation, or service that is significant to our business, could significantly impair our ability to perform critical business functions, including, but not limited to, impeding customer interactions, preventing access to company or customer data, and interfering with our ability to send or accept electronic payments through credit card or debit card networks and the Automated Clearing House, among other payment systems. If sustained or repeated, and if an alternate system, process, or vendor is not immediately available to us, such events could result in a deterioration of our ability to write and process policies, provide high-quality customer service, resolve claims in a timely manner, make payments when required, or perform other necessary business functions. Also, system redundancy and other continuity measures may be ineffective or inadequate, and our business continuity and disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Any such event could have a material adverse effect on our financial results and business prospects, as well as cause damage to our reputation, brand, and customer goodwill. Catastrophe events that affect one of our larger office locations, a significant technology/data center, critical communications facilities, or one or more of our key vendors, may heighten this risk and any adverse effect. Our business could be materially adversely affected by a security breach or other attack involving our technology systems or the systems of one or more of our vendors. Our business requires that we develop and maintain large and complex technology systems, and that we rely on third-party systems and applications, to run our operations and to store the significant volume of data that we acquire, including the personal information of our customers and employees and our intellectual property, trade secrets, and other sensitive business and financial information. All of these systems are subject to "cyberattacks" by third parties with substantial computing resources and capabilities, which have become more frequent and more sophisticated, and to unauthorized or illegitimate actions by employees, consultants, agents, and other persons with legitimate access to our systems. Such attacks or actions may include attempts to: access our systems improperly access, use, steal, sell, corrupt, or destroy data or information, including our intellectual property, financial data, or the personal information of our customers, employees, or other individuals misappropriate funds or extract ransom payments commit fraud disrupt or shut down our systems deny customers, agents, brokers, or others access to our systems infect our systems with viruses or malware Some of our systems and operations rely on third-party vendors, through either a connection to, or an integration with, those third parties' systems or contracted personnel. This approach has increased, and may continue to increase, the risk of loss, corruption, or unauthorized access to or inappropriate disclosure of our data or information or the confidential information of our customers and employees, or other cyberattacks. Although we may review and assess third-party vendor cybersecurity controls, our efforts may not be successful in preventing or mitigating the effects of such events. Third-party risks may include, among other factors, the vendor's lax security measures, data location uncertainty, and the possibility of data and information storage in inappropriate jurisdictions where laws or security measures may be inadequate. We undertake substantial efforts and expend significant resources to protect our systems and sensitive or confidential data and information. Our information security efforts are designed to evolve with the changing security threat environment through ongoing assessment and measurement. This includes internal processes and technological defenses that are preventative or detective, and other controls designed to provide multiple layers of security protection. In addition, we seek to protect the security and confidentiality of data and information provided to our vendors under cloud computing or other arrangements through appropriate risk evaluation, security and financial due diligence, contracts designed to require high security and confidentiality standards, and review of third-party compliance with the required standards. - 17 - Our systems are being threatened on a regular basis and our efforts may be insufficient to prevent or defend against an attack. We, and certain of our third-party vendors, have experienced attacks and incidents in the past, and there can be no assurance that we, or any vendor, will be successful in preventing future attacks or incidents or detecting and stopping them once they have begun. Cybersecurity risks rapidly evolve and are complex, so we must continually adapt and enhance our processes and technological defenses. As we do this, we must make judgments about where to invest resources to most effectively protect ourselves from cybersecurity risks. These are inherently challenging judgements, and we can provide no assurance that processes and technological defenses that we implement will be effective. Our business could be significantly damaged by a security breach, data loss or corruption, or cyberattack. In addition to the potentially high costs of investigating and stopping such an event and implementing necessary fixes, we could incur substantial liability if confidential customer or employee information is stolen. In addition, such an event could cause a significant disruption of our ability to conduct our insurance operations, adversely affect our competitive position if material trade secrets or other confidential information are stolen, and have severe ramifications on our reputation and brand, potentially causing customers to refrain from buying insurance from us or other businesses to refrain from doing business with us. Therefore, the occurrence of a security breach, data loss or corruption, or cyberattack, if sufficiently severe, could have a material adverse effect on our business results, prospects, and liquidity. We must maintain a brand and reputation that is recognized and trusted by consumers. We believe it is critical to our business that consumers recognize and trust the Progressive brand. Accordingly, we have made significant investments in our brand over many years. We undertake distinctive advertising and marketing campaigns and other efforts to maintain and improve our brand recognition, enhance perceptions of us, generate new business, and increase the retention of our current customers. We believe that maintaining and improving the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing campaigns relative to those of our competitors is particularly important in light of the significance of brand and reputation in the marketplace, including the continuing extensive advertising and marketing efforts and related expenditures within the insurance market. If our marketing campaigns are unsuccessful or are less effective than those of competitors, or if our reliance on a particular spokesperson or character is compromised, our business could be materially adversely affected. Our brand and reputation also could be adversely affected by situations that reflect negatively on us, whether due to our business practices, adverse financial developments, perceptions of our corporate governance, perceptions of our purpose-driven brand, how we address employee matters and concerns, our approach to environmental and social (Sustainability) and corporate responsibility matters, investments in our portfolio, the conduct of our officers, directors, or employees, or other causes. It may also be harmed by the actions of third parties that are generally outside of our control, including agents, significant customers, or other businesses with which we do business or in which we invest, such as third-party providers that interface with our customers, unaffiliated insurers and other companies whose products we offer or make available to our customers, or other causes. The negative impacts of these or other events may be aggravated as consumers, regulators, and other stakeholders increase or change their expectations, or adopt conflicting expectations, regarding the conduct of large public companies, sustainability and corporate responsibility efforts, programs, and initiatives, and corporate governance and Sustainability standards. These expectations and standards are continually evolving and not always clear. Our practices may not change in the manner or at the rate that our various stakeholders expect. These impacts may be further complicated such that perceptions are formed through rapid and broad interactions using social media and other communication tools over which we have no control. Additionally, we may fail to meet our related commitments, targets, or aspirations in these areas, and also could determine that it is in the best interest of the company and our shareholders to prioritize other business priorities ahead of our efforts in these areas. Any such negative impact or event could decrease demand for our products or services, create difficulties in our ability to recruit and retain employees, negatively impact our stock price, and lead to greater regulatory scrutiny of our businesses, among other things. Our success depends on our ability to innovate effectively and respond to our competitors' initiatives. Our ability to develop and implement innovative products and services, which may include technological advances, that are accepted and valued by our customers and independent agents is critical to maintaining and enhancing our competitive position. Innovations must be implemented in compliance with applicable insurance and other regulations and may require extensive modifications to our systems and processes and extensive coordination with and reliance on the systems of third parties. Technological and societal changes may lead to changes in customers' preferences as to how they want to interact with us. As a result, if we do not handle these transitions effectively and bring such innovations to market with the requisite speed and agility, the quality of our products and services, our relationships with our customers and agents, and our business prospects, may be materially adversely affected. In addition, innovations by competitors or other market participants may increase the level of - 18 - competition in the industry. If we fail to respond appropriately in a timely manner to those innovations and also to the evolving customer preferences, our competitive position and results may be materially adversely affected. We must effectively manage complexity as we develop and deliver high-quality products and customer experiences. Ongoing competitive, technological, regulatory, informational, and other developments result in significant levels of complexity in our products and in the systems and processes we use to run our businesses. The speed of some of these developments has increased and likely will continue to increase. Risks associated with these developments include: our increasing reliance on third-party systems including "cloud computing" environments and software as a service applications the development of new modes of communication changing insurance shopping trends our understanding of the operations and needs of significant customers the availability and uses of very large volumes of data and the challenges relating to analyzing those data sets, including the availability of sufficient internal and external talent that understand and can manage the complexity and related risks Complexity and legacy systems may, among other potential difficulties, create barriers to innovation or the provision of high-quality products and customer and agent experiences with the speed and agility that may be required; require us to modify our business practices, adopt new software, systems or technology, or replace outdated software, systems or technology, or upgrade systems or technology to enhance the scale, performance or functionality, each at significant expense; and lead to increased difficulty in executing our business strategies. We compete in property and casualty insurance markets that are highly competitive. The markets in which we sell insurance are highly competitive. We face vigorous competition from large, well-capitalized national and international companies, as well as smaller regional insurers. Other companies, potentially including existing insurance companies, vehicle manufacturing companies, "insurtech" companies, and other well-financed companies seeking new opportunities, or new competitors with technological or other innovations, also have entered these markets and may continue to do so in the future. Many of our competitors have substantial resources, experienced management, and strong marketing, underwriting, pricing, and technological capabilities. The property and casualty insurance industry is a mature industry, in which brand recognition, marketing skills, innovation, operational effectiveness, pricing, scale, and cost control are major competitive factors. If our competitors offer similar insurance products at lower prices, offer such insurance products bundled with other products or services that we do not offer, are permitted to offer their products under different legal and regulatory constraints than those that apply to us, or engage in other successful competitive initiatives, our ability to generate new business, or to retain a sufficient number of our existing customers, could be compromised. In addition, because auto insurance constitutes a significant portion of our overall business, we may be more sensitive than other insurers to, and more adversely affected by, trends that could decrease auto insurance rates or reduce demand for auto insurance over time, such as advances in vehicle technology, autonomous or semi-autonomous vehicles, or vehicle-sharing arrangements. Consolidations and strategic relationships in the independent agent channel in our Personal Lines business have increased competition and could continue to do so. We may also be adversely affected in our Commercial Lines business, which represents a significant portion of our growth potential, by trends or events that decrease the demand for services offered by, or decrease the profitability of, the commercial auto market, including trucking businesses and ridesharing services. Additionally, our Commercial Lines business may be adversely affected by a loss of or reduction in geographic coverage from one or more customers, including transportation network company customers. We expect similar, and perhaps greater, competitive pressures with respect to any new insurance or non-insurance businesses that we decide to enter in the future. In such cases, we would be selling products or services that are new to us, while our competitors could include large, well-financed companies with significant product and marketing experience in such businesses. Historically, the auto and property insurance markets have been described as cyclical, with periods of relatively strong profitability being followed by increased pricing competition among insurers. This price competition, which is sometimes referred to as a "soft market," can adversely affect revenue and profitability levels. As insurers recognize this situation (which can occur at different times, for different products and for different companies), the historical reaction has been for insurers to raise their rates (sometimes referred to as a "hard market") in an attempt to restore profitability to acceptable levels. As more insurers react in this way, profit levels in the industry may increase to a point where some insurers begin to lower their rates, starting the cycle over again. The ability to discern at any point in time whether we are in a "hard" or "soft" market is often difficult, as such a conclusion represents an assessment of innumerable data points including, among others, the operating results of, and the dynamic competitive actions taken by, us and many competitors in multiple markets involving a variety of - 19 - products. Often, detailed information on our competitors becomes available on a delayed basis, and the nature of the market becomes apparent only in retrospect. Our ability to predict future competitive conditions is also constrained as a result. The highly competitive nature of the insurance marketplace could result in consolidation within the industry, or in the failure of one or more competitors. The concentration of insurance business in a reduced number of major competitors could significantly increase the level of competition in a manner that is not favorable to us. In addition, in the event of a failure of a major insurer or a state-sponsored catastrophe fund, our company and other insurance companies may be required by law to absorb the losses of the failed insurer or fund, resulting in a potentially significant increase in our costs. We might also be faced with an unexpected surge in new business from a failed insurer's former policyholders. Such events could materially adversely affect our financial results, brand, and future business prospects. Our success depends on our ability to adjust claims accurately. We must accurately evaluate and pay claims that are made under our insurance policies. Our failure to pay claims fairly, accurately, and in a timely manner, or to deploy claims resources appropriately and in a cost-effective manner, could result in unanticipated costs to us, lead to material litigation, undermine customer goodwill and our reputation in the marketplace, and impair our brand and, as a result, materially adversely affect our competitiveness, customer retention, financial results, prospects, and liquidity. We are subject to a variety of complex laws and regulations. Our insurance businesses operate in highly regulated environments. Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulation and supervision by state insurance departments in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Bermuda, and Canada and its provinces. Each jurisdiction has a unique and complex set of laws and regulations. In addition, certain United States federal laws impose additional requirements on businesses, including insurers, in a wide range of areas, such as the use of credit information, methods of customer communications, employment practices, and the reimbursement of certain medical costs incurred by the government. Our insurance subsidiaries' ability to implement business plans and remain competitive while complying with these laws and regulations, and to obtain necessary regulatory action in a timely manner, is and will continue to be critical to our success. Most jurisdictions impose restrictions on, or require prior regulatory approval of, various actions by regulated insurers, which may adversely affect our insurance subsidiaries' ability to operate, innovate, and obtain necessary rate adjustments in a timely manner. Compliance with laws and regulations often results in increased costs, which can be substantial to our insurance subsidiaries. These costs, in turn, may adversely affect our profitability or our ability or desire to grow or operate our businesses in the applicable jurisdictions. Our compliance efforts are further complicated by changes in the laws or regulations that apply to us and in the regulatory and judicial interpretations of those laws, including expansive regulatory authority and uncertainties in federal regulatory authority due to judicial interpretations of regulators' actions. The pace of change, together with shorter time frames between enactment or promulgation and effectiveness of the changes, increases this risk. Insurance laws and regulations may, among other things, limit an insurer's ability to underwrite and price risks accurately, prevent the insurer from obtaining timely rate changes to respond to increased or decreased costs, delay or restrict the ability to discontinue or exit unprofitable businesses or jurisdictions, limit the profit an insurer may earn, impose marketing restrictions or requirements related to the use of artificial intelligence and third-party data, prevent insurers from terminating policies under certain circumstances, dictate or limit the types of investments that an insurance company may hold, and impose specific requirements relating to information technology systems and related cybersecurity risks. As a result, we have been, and may in the future be, limited in our ability to respond to evolving business conditions. For additional discussion of statutory profit limits, see Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations II. Financial Condition in the Annual Report. Moreover, inconsistencies in requirements among the various states, or between state and federal requirements, or changes in regulatory priorities or funding, may further complicate our compliance efforts, potentially damage our reputation in the marketplace or our brand, potentially resulting in additional costs for us or impacting our ability to participate in certain government funded programs, such as the National Flood Insurance Program. In addition, laws in certain jurisdictions mandate that insurance companies pay assessments in a number of circumstances, including potentially material assessments to pay claims upon the insolvency of other insurance companies or to cover losses in government-provided insurance programs for high-risk auto and homeowners' coverages. These assessments could have a material adverse impact on our profitability. Data privacy and security laws and regulations impose complex compliance and reporting requirements and challenges. Various jurisdictions have enacted or are considering privacy and security legislation or regulations. Each jurisdiction's unique - 20 - requirements, and the variations across the jurisdictions, present further ongoing compliance challenges. Compliance with these laws and regulations will result in increased costs, which may be substantial and may adversely affect our profitability or our ability or desire to grow or operate our business in certain jurisdictions. The actual or alleged failure to comply with this complex variety of laws and regulations by us or other companies in the insurance, financial services, or related industries, also could result in actions or investigations by regulators, state attorneys general, federal officials, or other law enforcement officials. Such actions and investigations, and any determination that we have not complied with an applicable law or regulation, could potentially lead to significant monetary payments, fines and penalties, adverse publicity and damage to our reputation in the marketplace or our brand, and in certain cases, revocation of a subsidiary's authority to do business in one or more jurisdictions. In addition, The Progressive Corporation and its subsidiaries could face individual and class action lawsuits by insureds and other parties for alleged violations of certain of these laws or regulations. New legislation or regulations may be adopted in the future that could materially adversely affect our operations, our growth, our competitive position, or our ability to write business profitably in one or more jurisdictions. Misconduct or fraudulent acts by employees, agents, and third parties may expose us to financial loss, disruption of business, and/or regulatory assessments. Our company and the insurance industry are inherently susceptible to past and future misconduct or fraudulent activities by employees, agents, vendors, customers, and other third parties. These activities could include: Fraud against our company, employees, and customers Unauthorized acts or representations, unauthorized use or disclosure of personal or proprietary data or information, deception, and misappropriation of funds or other benefits We have policies and procedures in place to promote ethical conduct and compliance with law by our employees, but these policies and procedures may not be fully effective. As a result, we could be exposed to financial loss, disruption of business, litigation, and regulatory assessments. These impacts have the potential to have a material adverse effect on our business. Our ability to attract, develop, and retain talent, including employees, managers, and executives, and to maintain appropriate staffing levels, is critical to our success. Our success depends on our ability to attract, develop, compensate, motivate, and retain talented employees, including executives, other key managers, and employees with strong technical, analytical, and other skills and know-how necessary for us to run our insurance businesses, investment operations, and corporate functions, assess potential expansion into new products, services, and business areas, and adapt to technological trends in our industry. Our loss of certain executives and key employees, or the failure to attract or retain talented executives, managers, and employees with varied and appropriate backgrounds, experiences, knowledge, perspectives, and skills, could have a material adverse effect on our business. These risks may be heightened when United States labor markets, or key segments of those markets, are especially competitive. Our workplace policies or perceptions of those policies by current and potential employees, including policies with respect to virtual, hybrid, and in-person work protocols, could impact our ability to attract, onboard, and retain talent with desired experiences, knowledge, perspectives, and skills. In addition, we must forecast with reasonable accuracy sales and claims volume and other factors in changing business environments (for multiple products and business units and in many geographic markets), and we must adapt to increases in business due to additions of or expansions with significant customers, such as transportation network companies. In any such case, we must adjust our hiring and training programs and staffing levels appropriately. Our failure to recognize the need for such adjustments, or our failure or inability to react on a timely basis, could lead either to over-staffing or under-staffing in one or more business units or locations. In either such event, our financial results, customer relationships, employee morale, and brand could be materially adversely affected. We use third-party labor to meet a portion of our staffing needs. Any significant loss in access to qualified external talent on a cost-effective basis could have an adverse effect on our business. Competitive labor markets can cause increased costs for third-party labor and those increases may be material. Our success also depends, in large part, on our ability to maintain and improve the staffing effectiveness and culture that we have developed over the years. Our ability to do so may be impaired as a result of litigation against us, other judicial decisions, legislation or regulations, or other factors in the employment marketplace, as well as our failure to recognize and respond to changing trends and other circumstances that affect our employees or our culture, including any impact arising from a decrease - 21 - in virtual and hybrid workers relative to recent market trends. In such events, the productivity of our workers and the efficiency of our operations could be adversely affected, which could lead to an erosion of our operating performance and margins. Lawsuits challenging our business practices, and those of our competitors and other companies, are pending and more may be filed in the future. The Progressive Corporation and/or its subsidiaries are named as defendants in class actions, collective actions, representative actions, and individual and other lawsuits challenging various aspects of the subsidiaries' business operations. Certain pending lawsuits are described in Note 12 Litigation in the Annual Report. Additional litigation may be filed against us in the future challenging similar or other of our business practices or operations. In addition, lawsuits have been filed against our competitors and other businesses or entities, and other such lawsuits may be filed in the future, and even though we are not a party to such litigation, the results of those lawsuits nevertheless may create additional risks for, and/or impose additional costs and/or limitations on, our subsidiaries' business practices or operations. Lawsuits against us often seek significant monetary damages and injunctive relief. The potential for injunctive relief can threaten our use of important business practices. In addition, the resolution of individual or class actions, collective actions, and representative action litigation in insurance, in related fields, or in matters broadly applicable to business operations, may lead to the development of judicial regulation, resulting in material increases in our costs of doing business. Litigation is inherently unpredictable. Adverse court decisions, or significant settlements of pending or future cases, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. For further information on the risks of pending litigation, see Note 12 Litigation in the Annual Report. Our long-term business strategy and efforts to acquire or develop new products or enter new areas of business may not be successful and may create enhanced risks. We are making business decisions and undertaking certain investments and strategies in connection with our long-standing goal of growing as fast as we can, at or below a companywide 96 combined ratio on a calendar-year basis, as long as we can provide high-quality customer service. Our focus on achieving our underwriting profitability goal takes precedence over growth. Additionally, we have acquired and are developing, and may develop or acquire in the future, new insurance products, including those that insure risks that we have not previously insured, contain new coverages, or change coverage terms, as well as new non-insurance products and services. These new products and services may not be as profitable as our existing products and may not perform as well as we expect. In addition, new insurance products may entail new risks for us, including, without limitation, higher coverage limits and unfamiliar pricing, claims resolution, and loss reserving practices. Other new products and services may likewise change our risk exposures. The business systems, data, and models we use to manage those exposures may be less accurate or less effective than those we use with existing products. We are evaluating other business models, both insurance and non-insurance related, and we have made, and are considering making additional, investments in different business areas. These activities may take the form of internal development, equity investments, strategic mergers or acquisitions, joint ventures, or strategic partnerships. These new ventures may require us to make significant expenditures, which may negatively impact our results in the near term, and if not successful, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. While at the onset of the venture we would expect these projects to provide long-term value, there can be no assurance that our expectations will be realized. Intellectual property rights could affect our competitiveness and our business operations. There continues to be a proliferation of patents, both inside and outside the insurance industry, that significantly impacts our businesses. The existence of such patents, and other claimed intellectual property rights, from time to time has resulted in legal challenges to certain of our business practices by other insurance companies and non-insurance entities alleging that we are violating their rights. Such legal challenges could result in costly legal proceedings, substantial monetary damages, or expensive changes in our business processes and practices. Similarly, we may seek or obtain patent protection for innovations developed by us. However, we may not be able to obtain patents on these processes and practices, and defending our patents and other intellectual property rights against challenges, and enforcing and defending our rights, including, if necessary, through litigation, can be time consuming and expensive, and the results are inherently uncertain, which can further complicate business plans. - 22 - Our development and use of new technology, such as generative and agentic artificial intelligence, may present additional risks, may not be successful, and could have a material adverse effect on our business . We have developed, and used for many years, new technologies, including machine learning and other forms of artificial intelligence (AI), predictive models, algorithms and automated processes, and will in the future develop and use AI and other new technologies in our business. As with many technological innovations, the growing development and use of generative and agentic AI (Advanced AI) presents additional risks that may adversely affect our business. Advanced AI might produce or reveal datasets that are flawed or insufficient or contain biased information, which could result in unintentionally and unfairly discriminatory outcomes in our business processes. These deficiencies could also undermine the associated predictions, analysis, or decisions Advanced AI applications produce or the business decisions we make based on this information. We could face challenges on whether we use AI in our business processes in a responsible, compliant, and effective manner. Since Advanced AI is subject to public debate, and depending on how observers view our development and use of AI, we could be subject to criticism or experience an adverse impact on our brand or reputation, which could decrease demand for our products or services, create difficulties in our ability to recruit and retain employees and lead to greater regulatory scrutiny of our businesses. Additionally, one or more of our key vendors may begin to use AI in their business in a manner that does not meet existing or rapidly evolving regulatory standards. Furthermore, our competitors or other third parties may be able to replace legacy systems, incorporate Advanced AI into their products and operations, or optimize or redesign their processes more quickly, or more successfully, than us. Intellectual property ownership rights, including those associated with related copyrights, patent rights, Advanced AI inputs for model training, and other Advanced AI outputs, have not been fully interpreted by courts or regulations. Additionally, we are subject to new AI-focused regulations and regulatory expectations that could impose varied compliance and reporting requirements and challenges that could impact our operations or ability to write business profitably in one or more jurisdictions. For example, the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) has adopted guiding principles on AI, as well as a model bulletin, to inform and articulate general expectations for businesses, professionals, and stakeholders across the insurance industry as they implement AI tools to facilitate operations. Nearly half of all departments of insurance have adopted the NAIC AI model bulletin. Other states have adopted or are considering alternatives, including comprehensive AI legislation or reminders that existing state laws pertain to AI activities, including laws regarding unfair claims and trade practices. We cannot predict what other regulatory actions may be taken with regard to AI but any limitations, or any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with any such requirements, could have an adverse impact on our business. Any of these impacts could result in significant operational difficulties, reputational harm, litigation, and adverse actions by regulators, potentially increasing our costs or causing customers to refrain from buying insurance from us or other businesses to refrain from doing business with us, which could have a material effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. IV. Market Risks The performance of our fixed-income and equity investment portfolios is subject to a variety of investment risks. Our investment portfolio consists principally of fixed-income securities and common equities. General economic conditions and other factors beyond our control can adversely affect the value of our investments, and the amount and realization of investment income, or result in realized or unrealized investment losses. Our fixed-income portfolio is actively managed by our investment group and includes short-term investments, fixed-maturity securities, and preferred stocks. The performance of the fixed-income portfolio is subject to a number of risks, including: Interest rate risk - the risk of adverse changes in the value of fixed-income securities as a result of increases in market interest rates. Investment credit risk - the risk that the value of certain investments may decrease due to a deterioration in the financial condition, operating performance, or business prospects of, the regulatory environment applicable to, or the liquidity available to, one or more issuers of those securities or, in the case of asset-backed securities, due to the deterioration of the loans or other assets that underlie the securities. Concentration risk - the risk that the portfolio may be too heavily concentrated in the securities of one or more issuers, sectors, or industries, which could result in a significant decrease in the value of the portfolio in the event of a deterioration of the financial condition or performance of, the regulatory environment applicable to, or outlook for, those issuers, sectors, or industries. - 23 - Prepayment or extension risk - applicable to certain securities in the portfolio, such as asset-backed securities and other bonds with call provisions, prepayment risk is the risk that, as interest rates change, the principal of such securities may be repaid earlier than anticipated, requiring that we reinvest the proceeds at less attractive rates. Extension risk is the risk that a security may not be redeemed when anticipated, adversely affecting the value of the security and preventing the reinvestment of the principal at higher market rates. Liquidity risk - discussed separately below. In addition, the success of our investment strategies and asset allocations in the fixed-income portfolio may vary depending on the market environment. The fixed-income portfolio's performance also may be adversely impacted if, among other factors: credit ratings assigned to such securities by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations are based on incomplete or inaccurate information or otherwise prove unwarranted; or our risk mitigation strategies are ineffective for the applicable market conditions. Our common equity portfolio is primarily managed externally to track the Russell 1000 Index, although from time to time we may choose to add exchange-traded funds or similar securities designed to track the Russell 1000 or the Standard & Poor's 500 (S&P 500) Index. Our equity investments are subject to general movements in the values of equity markets and to the changes in the prices of the securities we hold. An investment portfolio or exchange-traded fund that is designed to track an index, such as the Russell 1000 or S&P 500, is not necessarily less risky than other equity investment strategies. Our equity investment strategies may not successfully replicate the performance of the Indexes that they seek to track. Equity markets, sectors, industries, and individual securities may be subject to high volatility and to long periods of depressed or declining valuations, and they are also subject to most of the same risks that affect our fixed-income portfolio, as discussed above. In addition, even though the Russell 1000 and S&P 500 Indexes are generally considered to be broadly diversified, significant portions of each index may be concentrated in one or more sectors, reducing our ability to manage our concentration risk through sector diversification. If the fixed-income or equity portfolios, or both, were to suffer a substantial decrease in value, our financial position, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Under these circumstances, our income from these investments could be materially reduced, and declines in the value of our securities could further reduce our reported earnings and capital levels. A decrease in value of an insurance subsidiary's investment portfolio could also put the subsidiary at risk of failing to satisfy regulatory minimum capital requirements and could limit the subsidiary's ability to write new business. In any such event, our business could be materially adversely affected and our financial flexibility could be substantially constrained. See Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations IV. Results of Operations Investments in the Annual Report for additional discussion of the composition of our investment portfolio as of December 31, 2025, and of the market risks associated with our investment portfolio. New regulations and societal pressures relating to Sustainability and other public policy matters could negatively impact our returns or cause us to change our investing strategies in ways that could negatively impact our results. The value of securities held in our portfolio could be materially adversely impacted as issuers or the businesses or assets underlying such securities are faced with new, potentially conflicting, laws or regulations or initiatives by regulators, investors, activists, or others, including those addressing Sustainability, corporate governance, corporate responsibility or other public policy concerns. For example, the universe of securities that we are permitted to hold could be significantly narrowed by insurance regulators if we are prohibited from investing in certain industries or types of companies or we could be required to make additional disclosures when we acquire any such securities. Similarly, we could also face pressures from other stakeholders that seek to influence our investment decisions. These factors could cause a decline in the value of investments held in our portfolio, or cause us to change our investment strategy, which could increase our costs or reduce our returns relative to returns from other available investment opportunities. - 24 - V. Liquidity Risk The inability to access our cash accounts or to convert investments into cash on favorable terms when we desire to do so may materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows, and capital position. We rely on our ability to access our cash accounts at banks and other financial institutions to operate our business. If we are unable to access the cash in those accounts as needed, whether due to our own systems difficulties, an institution-specific issue at the bank or financial institution (such as a cybersecurity breach or severe weather or other catastrophe impacting their operations), a broader disruption in banking, financial, or wire transfer systems, or otherwise, our ability to pay insurance claims and other financial obligations when due and otherwise operate our business could be materially adversely affected. Likewise, our investment portfolios are subject to risks inherent in the nation's and world's capital markets, including the United States, continuing to honor its outstanding debt and other obligations. Any disruption in the functioning of those markets or in our ability to liquidate investments or specific categories of investments on favorable terms when desired, or a default by the United States in its obligations, could impair our ability to pay claims or other financial obligations when due and could result in a significant decline in the value of our investment portfolio and have a material adverse impact on our cash flows and capital position. Any such event or series of such events could also result in significant operational difficulties, reputational harm, and adverse actions by regulators and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. VI. Credit and Other Financial Risks Our financial condition may be adversely affected if one or more parties with which we enter into significant contracts or transact business (including under certain government programs) become insolvent, experience other financial difficulties, or default in the performance of contractual or reimbursement obligations. Our business is dependent on the performance by third parties of their responsibilities under various contractual or service arrangements and government programs. These include, for example, agreements with other insurance carriers to sell their products to our customers in bundled packages or otherwise, arrangements for transferring certain of our risks (including indemnification and self-insured retention obligations of Commercial Lines customers, reinsurance arrangements used by us, our corporate insurance policies, and the performance of state reinsurance facilities/associations), and reimbursement obligations under various state or federal programs, such as the Michigan Catastrophic Claims Association or the National Flood Insurance Program. If one or more of these parties were to default in the performance of, or otherwise become unwilling or unable to satisfy, their obligations to us under the applicable contracts or regulatory framework, we could suffer significant financial losses, a reduction in our capital levels, or other problems, which in turn could materially adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations and cause damage to our brand and reputation. Our insurance subsidiaries may be limited in the amount of dividends that they can pay, which in turn may limit our ability to repay indebtedness, make capital contributions to other subsidiaries or affiliates, pay dividends to shareholders, repurchase securities, or meet other obligations. The Progressive Corporation is a holding company with no business operations of its own. Consequently, if its subsidiaries are unable to pay dividends or make other distributions, or are able to pay only limited amounts, The Progressive Corporation may be unable to make payments on its indebtedness, make capital contributions to or otherwise fund its subsidiaries or affiliates, pay dividends to its shareholders, or meet its other obligations. Each insurance subsidiary's ability to pay dividends may be limited by one or more of the following factors: insurance regulatory authorities require insurance companies to maintain specified minimum levels of statutory capital and surplus insurance regulations restrict the amounts available for distribution based on either net income or surplus of the insurance company competitive pressures require our insurance subsidiaries to maintain high financial strength ratings in certain jurisdictions, prior approval must be obtained from regulatory authorities for the insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other distributions to affiliated entities, including the parent holding company - 25 - If we are unable to obtain capital when necessary to support our business, our financial condition and our ability to grow could be materially adversely affected. We may need to acquire additional capital, from time to time, as a result of many factors, including increased regulatory requirements, unprofitable insurance or investment operations, or significant growth in the insurance premiums that we write, among other factors. If we are unable to obtain capital at favorable rates when needed, whether due to our results, volatility, or disruptions, in debt and equity markets due to factors beyond our control, or other reasons, our financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In such an event, unless and until additional sources of capital are secured, we may be limited in our ability, or unable, to service our debt obligations, pay dividends, grow our business, pay our other obligations when due, or engage in other corporate transactions. Such a deterioration of our financial condition could adversely affect the perception of our company by insurance regulators, potentially resulting in regulatory actions, and the price of our equity or debt securities could fall significantly. Our access to capital markets, ability to obtain or renew financing arrangements, obligations to post collateral under certain derivative contracts, and business operations are dependent on favorable evaluations and ratings by credit and other rating agencies. Our credit and financial strength are evaluated and rated by various rating agencies, such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's Investors Service, Fitch Ratings, and A.M. Best. Downgrades in our credit ratings could adversely affect our ability to access the capital markets and/or lead to increased borrowing costs in the future (although the interest rates we pay on our current indebtedness would not be affected), as would adverse recommendations by equity analysts at the various brokerage houses and investment firms. Perceptions of our company by other businesses and consumers could also be significantly impaired. In addition, from time to time we may enter into certain derivative transactions providing that a downgrade could trigger contractual obligations requiring us to post substantial amounts of additional collateral or allow a third party to liquidate the derivative transaction. Various rating agencies may change their processes for credit ratings for the insurance industry, including changes to their approach to assessing capital adequacy, the creditworthiness of issuers of certain fixed-income securities, or the equity capital content of certain non-debt securities, and we are unable to predict the impact to our credit ratings or our ability to raise capital at favorable rates, of any change that they may ultimately adopt. Downgrades in the ratings of our insurance subsidiaries could likewise negatively impact our operations, potentially resulting in lower or negative premium growth. In any such event, our financial performance could be materially adversely affected. Our dividend policy likely will result in varying amounts being paid to our common shareholders, or no payment in some periods, and the dividend policy ultimately may be changed in the discretion of the Board of Directors. We have announced our intention to pay a dividend on our common shares on a quarterly basis and to consider paying a variable dividend on at least an annual basis. The frequency and amount of dividends, if any, may vary, perhaps significantly, from the amounts paid in preceding periods. The Board retains the discretion to alter our policy or not to pay such dividends at any time. Such action by the Board could result from, among other reasons, changes in the insurance marketplace, changes in our performance or capital needs, changes in U.S. federal income tax laws, disruptions of national or international capital markets, or other events affecting our liquidity, financial position, or prospects, as described above. Any such change in dividend policy could adversely affect investors' perceptions of the company and the value of, or the total return of an investment in, our common shares. Our investments in certain tax-advantaged projects may not generate the anticipated tax benefits and related returns. We have invested in and may in the future invest in, certain projects that we believe are entitled to tax-advantaged treatment under applicable federal or state law, including renewable energy development, historic property rehabilitation, and affordable housing, and we may make other tax-advantaged investments from time to time. Our investments in these projects are designed to generate a return through the realization of tax credits and, in some cases, through other tax benefits and cash flows from the project. These investments are subject to the risk that the underlying tax credits and related benefits may not be valid, and in some cases previously recorded tax credits can be challenged or are subject to recapture by the applicable taxing authorities if specific requirements are not satisfied. Many of the factors that could lead to the invalidity, challenge, or recapture of tax credits are beyond our control. The inability to realize these tax credits and other tax benefits could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition. - 26 - VII. Other Our goal is to maximize the long-term value of the enterprise and we do not manage to short-term earnings expectations, which may adversely affect short-term results. We believe that shareholder value will be increased in the long run if we meet or exceed the financial goals and policies that we establish each year. We do not manage our business to maximize short-term stock performance or the amount of any dividend that may be paid. Due to our focus on the long-term value of the enterprise, we may undertake business decisions and strategies and establish related financial goals that are designed to enhance our longer-term performance and value, while understanding that such decisions and strategies may not always similarly benefit short-term results, such as growth goals, our annual underwriting profit, dividend payouts, or earnings per share. We do not provide earnings estimates to the market and do not comment on earnings estimates by analysts. As a result, our reported results for a particular period may vary, perhaps significantly, from investors' expectations, which could result in significant volatility in the price of our equity or debt securities. Our personal property business has caused, and is likely to continue to cause, additional volatility in our consolidated results. Due to our focus on the long-term value of the enterprise, similar tradeoffs may be involved in our consideration of the interests of other stakeholders, including our employees, customers, agents, suppliers, and communities, as well as whether and how we respond to or address Sustainability, corporate governance, and corporate responsibility initiatives, programs and efforts and other public policy matters that impact us. These types of initiatives and considerations are fast-evolving areas and determining appropriate responses and actions can be uncertain. Different stakeholders often have conflicting perspectives on these initiatives, programs and efforts, and considerations. Depending on how observers view our responses or our commitment to addressing such matters, we could be subject to criticism, adverse publicity, or campaigns, among other actions, by investors, activists, or others. Consequently, such factors and the related tradeoffs may adversely affect our financial performance or the market prices of our equity or debt securities. Our business and results of operations could be adversely affected by epidemics, pandemics, or other widespread health risks. An epidemic, pandemic, or other widespread health risk could exacerbate the impacts of many of the other risk factors described above and adversely affect our business. Depending on the duration and severity of any such epidemic, pandemic, or other widespread health risk, and the nature and extent of governmental responses to it, our business, our operations, and our financial results could be negatively impacted. - 27 - ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS We currently do not have any unresolved comments from the SEC staff. ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY Our business requires that we develop and maintain large and complex technology systems, and that we rely on third-party systems and applications, to run our operations and to store the significant volume of data and information that we acquire, including the personal information of our customers and employees and our intellectual property, trade secrets, and other sensitive business and financial information. Our overall efforts to safeguard the information systems and confidential information critical to our operations include preventative and detective internal processes, technological defenses, and other controls designed to provide multiple layers of security protection. Our information security efforts are designed to evolve with the changing security threat environment through ongoing assessment and measurement. In our efforts to keep our data and technology systems secure, we leverage both the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 27002 Security Framework for the body of security control requirements and the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework to assess the strength of our processes and defenses. This integrated approach to protect data and information systems is also built into our project management, development, and operations. To assess the effectiveness of our cybersecurity program and compliance with applicable rules, regulations, and laws, we employ a variety of internal resources to evaluate our environment, information systems, and processes. In addition, we engage third parties to test the vulnerability of our cybersecurity infrastructure on a regular basis and we have a third-party assessment performed annually. Through appropriate risk evaluation, security assessments, and financial due diligence, we seek to protect the security and confidentiality of information provided to our vendors under service provider cloud computing or other arrangements. We also employ contractual nondisclosure requirements and use limitations consistent with our published Privacy Policy, and typically reserve the right to review third-party compliance against the required standards, where we consider it appropriate. Our response to cybersecurity threats is triggered through various means. Through annual user awareness training, we teach our employees to identify and appropriately respond to such threats. Our incident response program is designed to mitigate and recover from suspected and actual cybersecurity incidents and provide all required consumer and regulatory notices regarding cybersecurity threats in a timely manner. Our Chief Security Officer (CSO) is ultimately responsible for cybersecurity at Progressive, with management oversight of the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity incidents. The CSO reports directly to the Chief Financial Officer. The CSO, or a senior member of his team, provides regular cybersecurity updates to the CEO, other members of the executive team, and the Board of Directors' Technology Committee. Assuming the role in 2012, our CSO has served in this capacity at Progressive for more than a decade and, prior to joining us in 2010, had over 10 years of cybersecurity experience in the banking industry in security and risk management leadership roles, primarily focused on cybersecurity and banking compliance, with additional experience in the areas of anti-money laundering and financial fraud. Our CSO is also a member of our Management Risk Committee, which leads our Enterprise Risk Management program, and as a member ensures that cybersecurity risks remain a focus of the overall risk management process. The Technology Committee of the Board of Directors oversees our use of technology in executing the company's business strategy as well as the major risks arising from our technology, digital and data strategies (including with respect to artificial intelligence), legacy systems, technology investments, data privacy, operational performance, cybersecurity programs, and technology-related business continuity and disaster recovery programs. The Technology Committee, which includes directors with technology experience, also oversees management's efforts to mitigate these risks. Technology Committee meetings typically occur five times a year. Generally, at these meetings, our CSO briefs the committee on cybersecurity-related matters. Our systems are being threatened by cybersecurity incidents on a regular basis and our efforts may be insufficient to prevent or defend against incidents or an attack. We, and certain of our third-party vendors, have experienced attacks and incidents in the past, and there can be no assurance that we, or any vendor, will be successful in preventing future attacks or incidents or detecting and stopping them once they have begun. Through the date hereof, risks from cybersecurity threats , including prior incidents and attacks, have not materially affected, and we do not believe are reasonably likely to materially affect, our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. However, we cannot guarantee that we will not be materially affected in the future. Cybersecurity risks evolve rapidly and are complex, so we must continually adapt and enhance our processes and defenses. As we do this, we must make judgments about where to invest resources to most effectively protect ourselves from cybersecurity risks. These are inherently challenging processes, and we can provide no assurance that processes and defenses that we implement will be effective. See Item 1A, Risk Factors III. Operating Risks above for more information. - 28 - ITEM 2. PROPERTIES All of our properties are owned or leased by subsidiaries of The Progressive Corporation and are used for office functions, as call centers, as data centers, for training, or for warehouse space. At December 31, 2025, we owned 38 buildings located throughout the U.S. About one third of these buildings are claims offices. Our owned facilities, which contain approximately 3.3 million square feet of space, are generally not segregated by segment. We own significant locations in Mayfield Village, Ohio and surrounding suburbs (including our corporate headquarters); Colorado Springs, Colorado; and St. Petersburg, Florida. We lease approximately 1.9 million square feet of space throughout the U.S. These leases are generally short-term to medium-term leases of commercial space. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS For discussion of legal proceedings, see Note 12 Litigation in our Annual Report, which is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Incorporated by reference from information with respect to executive officers of The Progressive Corporation and its subsidiaries set forth in Part III, Item 10 of this Form 10-K, "Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance." - 29 - PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information The Progressive Corporation's Common Shares, $1.00 par value, are traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol PGR. Holders We had 1,557 shareholders of record on January 31, 2026. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans See Part III, Item 12 of this Form 10-K, "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters," for information about securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans. Performance Graph See the Performance Graph section in our Annual Report. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities None. Purchase of Equity Securities ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 2025 Calendar Month Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs October 111,240 $ 219.47 305,188 24,694,812 November 108,993 214.56 414,181 24,585,819 December 49,100 227.55 463,281 24,536,719 Total 269,333 $ 218.96 Progressive's financial policies state that we will repurchase shares to neutralize dilution from equity-based compensation in the year of issuance or as an option to effectively use under-leveraged capital. See Note 9 Employee Benefit Plans "Incentive Compensation Plans - Employees" and "Incentive Compensation Plans - Directors" in our Annual Report, for a summary of our restricted equity grants. In May 2025, the Board of Directors approved an authorization for the company to repurchase up to 25 million of its common shares. This authorization does not have an expiration date. Share repurchases under this authorization may be accomplished through open market purchases, including trading plans entered into with one or more brokerage firms in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, through privately negotiated transactions, pursuant to our equity incentive awards, or otherwise. During the fourth quarter 2025, all repurchases were accomplished in conjunction with our equity incentive awards or through the open market at the then-current market prices. ITEM 6. [Reserved] ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Incorporated by reference from Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report. - 30 - ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK The quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk are incorporated by reference from section "IV. Results of Operations Investments" in our Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the Quantitative Market Risk Disclosures section in our Annual Report. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA The Consolidated Financial Statements of Progressive, along with the related Notes, and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, are incorporated by reference from our Annual Report. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES We, under the direction of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, have established disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms. The disclosure controls and procedures are also intended to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer reviewed and evaluated Progressive's disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that review and evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effectively serving the stated purposes as of the end of the period covered by this report. Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting and the attestation of the independent registered public accounting firm are incorporated by reference from our Annual Report. There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION (b) Insider Trading Arrangements During the fourth quarter 2025, certain executive officers entered into Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements that are intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c). The executive officers' plans provide for the sale of all of or a certain percentage of the shares issued upon vesting for certain outstanding equity awards previously granted to the applicable executive officer, excluding any shares withheld by the company to satisfy tax withholding obligations (see our 2025 Proxy Statement for a description of the company's equity compensation plans). Below are the details of each applicable Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement: Name Title Date Entered Date Expires 1 Karen B. Bailo Commercial Lines President November 20, 2025 August 3, 2026 Patrick K. Callahan Personal Lines President November 20, 2025 October 30, 2026 Carl G. Joyce Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer November 20, 2025 March 31, 2026 1 Subject to the plan's earlier expiration or completion in accordance with its terms. Additional Information President and CEO Susan Patricia Griffith's annual letter to shareholders is included as Exhibit 99 to this Form 10-K and in our online shareholders' report located on our investor relations website at: investors.progressive.com/financials. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS None. - 31 - PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Information relating to our directors is incorporated herein by reference from the section entitled "Item 1: Election of Directors" in The Progressive Corporation's Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 8, 2026 (the Proxy Statement). Information relating to executive officers of Progressive follows. Unless noted below, all positions were with Progressive. Name Age Offices Held and Last Five Years' Business Experience Susan Patricia Griffith 61 President and Chief Executive Officer John P. Sauerland 61 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Karen B. Bailo 58 Commercial Lines President Jonathan S. Bauer 48 Chief Investment Officer Steven A. Broz 55 Chief Information Officer Patrick K. Callahan 55 Personal Lines President William L. Clawson II 56 Chief Human Resources Officer since December 2021; Business Leader Compensation and Benefits prior to December 2021 Maribel Pumarejo 54 Chief Marketing Officer since June 2025; Business Leader Compensation and Benefits from February 2025 to June 2025; Senior Human Resource Business Leader from May 2022 to February 2025; Senior Director of Benefits Management prior to May 2022 Carl G. Joyce 44 Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer since March 2025; Director of Financial Reporting GAAP prior to March 2025 John Murphy 56 Claims President since December 2021; Customer Relationship Management President prior to December 2021 Lori Niederst 52 Customer Relationship Management President since December 2021; Chief Human Resources Officer prior to December 2021 David M. Stringer 51 Vice President, Secretary, and Chief Legal Officer since January 2024; Deputy General Counsel, Litigation and Employment, prior to January 2024 Andrew J. Quigg 46 Chief Strategy and Finance Management Officer since February 2026; Chief Strategy Officer prior to February 2026 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports . Any delinquent filings (if applicable) are incorporated by reference from the "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management - Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports" section of our Proxy Statement. Code of Ethics. Progressive has a Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, and other senior financial officers. This CEO/Senior Financial Officer Code of Ethics is available at: progressive.com/governance. We intend to continue to satisfy the disclosure requirements under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding amendments to, and waivers from, the provisions of the foregoing Code of Ethics by posting such information on our Internet website at: progressive.com/governance. Shareholder-Proposed Candidate Procedures. There were no material changes during 2025 to Progressive's procedures by which a shareholder can recommend a director candidate. The description of those procedures is incorporated by reference from the "Other Matters - Procedures for Recommendations and Nominations of Directors and Shareholder Proposals - To Recommend a Candidate for our Board of Directors" section of our Proxy Statement. Audit Committee. Incorporated by reference from the "Other Board of Directors Information - Board Committees - Audit Committee" section of our Proxy Statement. Financial Expert. Incorporated by reference from the "Other Board of Directors Information - Board Committees - Audit Committee" section of our Proxy Statement. Insider Trading Policies and Procedures. Progressive has adopted insider trading policies and procedures, which are included as Exhibit 19 to this Form 10-K and discussion of which is incorporated by reference from the "Other Matters - Insider Trading Policies and Procedures" section of our Proxy Statement. - 32 - ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Incorporated by reference from the sections of our Proxy Statement entitled "Compensation Discussion and Analysis," "Executive Compensation," "Director Compensation," "Other Board of Directors Information - Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation," "Compensation Committee Report," and "Compensation Programs and Risk Management." ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following information is set forth with respect to our equity compensation plans at December 31, 2025. EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION Plan Category Number of Securities to be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 1 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders Employee Plans : 2024 Equity Incentive Plan 448,787 2 NA 9,596,411 3 2015 Equity Incentive Plan 1,647,530 2 NA 464,499 3 Director Plans : Amended and Restated 2017 Directors Equity Incentive Plan 11,134 NA 365,749 4 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders None Total 2,107,451 NA 10,426,659 NA = Not applicable because awards do not have an exercise price. 1 Excludes shares included in the Number of Securities to be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights column. 2 Reflects restricted stock unit awards, including reinvested dividend equivalents, under which, upon vesting, the holder has the right to receive common shares on a one-to-one basis. Reflects the target value of 267,787 and 94,243 units of outstanding performance-based restricted stock unit awards, including dividend equivalents, under our 2015 and 2024 Equity Incentive Plans, respectively. The maximum potential payout for these awards was 663,216 and 234,145 units under the 2015 and 2024 Equity Incentive Plans, respectively. For a description of the performance-based awards, including the performance measurement and vesting ranges, see Note 9 Employee Benefit Plans in our Annual Report. 3 Gives effect to reservation of common shares subject to performance-based awards at maximum potential payout. 4 Reflects our Amended and Restated 2017 Directors Equity Incentive Plan that was approved by shareholders in 2022 and increased the originally authorized shares by 150,000. Information regarding ownership of Common Shares by certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated by reference from the section of our Proxy Statement entitled "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management." ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Incorporated by reference from the section of our Proxy Statement entitled "Other Board of Directors Information - Transactions with Related Persons" and "Other Board of Directors Information - Board of Directors Independence Determinations." ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES Incorporated by reference from the section of our Proxy Statement entitled "Other Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Information." - 33 - PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a)(1) Listing of Financial Statements The following consolidated financial statements are included in our Annual Report and are incorporated by reference in Item 8: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 238 ) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income - For the Years Ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 2025 and 2024 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity - For the Years Ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - For the Years Ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Supplemental Information (Unaudited) (a)(2) Listing of Financial Statement Schedules The following financial statement schedules and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are included in Item 15(c): Schedule I - Summary of Investments - Other than Investments in Related Parties Schedule II - Condensed Financial Information of Registrant Schedule III - Supplementary Insurance Information Schedule IV - Reinsurance Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Financial Statement Schedules No other schedules are required to be filed herewith pursuant to Article 7 of Regulation S-X. (a)(3) Listing of Exhibits See the Exhibit Index contained herein beginning at page 46, which is incorporated by reference from information with respect to this item. Management contracts and compensatory plans and arrangements are identified in the Exhibit Index as Exhibit Nos. 10.1 through 10.37. (b) Exhibits The exhibits in response to this portion of Item 15 are submitted concurrently with this report. (c) Financial Statement Schedules - 34 - SCHEDULE I -- SUMMARY OF INVESTMENTS -- OTHER THAN INVESTMENTS IN RELATED PARTIES THE PROGRESSIVE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES (millions) December 31, 2025 Type of Investment Cost Fair Value Amount At Which Shown In The Balance Sheet Fixed maturities: Bonds: United States Government and government agencies and authorities $ 43,114 $ 43,298 $ 43,298 States, municipalities, and political subdivisions 3,342 3,303 3,303 Foreign government obligations 17 17 17 Public utilities 1,832 1,859 1,859 Corporate and other debt securities 17,941 18,132 18,132 Asset-backed securities 16,458 16,257 16,257 Total fixed maturities 82,704 82,866 82,866 Equity securities: Common stocks: Public utilities 34 128 128 Banks, trusts, and insurance companies 145 611 611 Industrial, miscellaneous, and all other 640 3,359 3,359 Nonredeemable preferred stocks 419 404 404 Total equity securities 1,238 4,502 4,502 Short-term investments 10,005 10,005 10,005 Total investments $ 93,947 $ 97,373 $ 97,373 Progressive did not have any securities of any one issuer, excluding U.S. government obligations, with an aggregate cost or fair value exceeding 10% of total shareholders' equity at December 31, 2025. - 35 - SCHEDULE II -- CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME THE PROGRESSIVE CORPORATION (PARENT COMPANY) (millions) Years Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Revenues Dividends from subsidiaries $ 10,151 $ 3,667 $ 399 Undistributed income from subsidiaries 1,222 4,947 3,572 Equity in net income of subsidiaries 11,373 8,614 3,971 Intercompany investment income 166 149 205 Total revenues 11,539 8,763 4,176 Expenses Interest expense 280 280 270 Deferred compensation 1 18 54 20 Other operating costs and expenses 8 8 8 Total expenses 306 342 298 Income before income taxes 11,233 8,421 3,878 Benefit for income taxes 75 59 25 Net income 11,308 8,480 3,903 Other comprehensive income (loss) 1,526 193 1,186 Comprehensive income (loss) $ 12,834 $ 8,673 $ 5,089 1 See Note 4 Employee Benefit Plans in these condensed financial statements. See notes to condensed financial statements. - 36 - SCHEDULE II -- CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT (Continued) CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS THE PROGRESSIVE CORPORATION (PARENT COMPANY) (millions) December 31, 2025 2024 Assets Investment in affiliate $ 5 $ 5 Investment in subsidiaries 31,821 28,850 Receivable from investment subsidiary 12,524 5,812 Intercompany receivable 899 641 Net federal deferred income taxes 90 82 Other assets 163 176 Total assets $ 45,502 $ 35,566 Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity Dividends payable on common shares $ 7,972 $ 2,695 Accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities 310 387 Debt 1 6,897 6,893 Total liabilities 15,179 9,975 Common shares, $ 1.00 par value (authorized 900 ; issued 798 , including treasury shares of 212 ) 586 586 Paid-in capital 2,307 2,145 Retained earnings 27,327 24,283 Total accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 103 ( 1,423 ) Total shareholders' equity 30,323 25,591 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity $ 45,502 $ 35,566 1 Consists solely of long-term debt. See Note 4 Debt in the Annual Report for further discussion. See notes to condensed financial statements. - 37 - SCHEDULE II -- CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT (Continued) CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS THE PROGRESSIVE CORPORATION (PARENT COMPANY) (millions) Years Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Cash Flows From Operating Activities Net income $ 11,308 $ 8,480 $ 3,903 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Undistributed income from subsidiaries ( 1,222 ) ( 4,947 ) ( 3,572 ) Amortization of equity-based compensation 3 4 3 Changes in: Intercompany receivable ( 258 ) 246 ( 421 ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities ( 86 ) 26 12 Income taxes 1 ( 318 ) 301 Other, net 97 28 10 Net cash provided by operating activities 9,843 3,519 236 Cash Flows From Investing Activities Additional investments in equity securities of consolidated subsidiaries ( 94 ) ( 182 ) ( 621 ) Received from (paid to) investment subsidiary ( 6,712 ) ( 2,021 ) 307 Net cash used in investing activities ( 6,806 ) ( 2,203 ) ( 314 ) Cash Flows From Financing Activities Dividends paid to common shareholders ( 2,871 ) ( 674 ) ( 234 ) Acquisition of treasury shares for restricted stock tax liabilities ( 92 ) ( 121 ) ( 95 ) Acquisition of treasury shares acquired in open market ( 74 ) ( 13 ) ( 46 ) Redemption of preferred shares 0 ( 500 ) 0 Dividends paid to preferred shareholders 0 ( 8 ) ( 43 ) Net proceeds from debt issuance 0 0 496 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ( 3,037 ) ( 1,316 ) 78 Change in cash 0 0 0 Cash beginning of year 0 0 0 Cash end of year $ 0 $ 0 $ 0 See notes to condensed financial statements. - 38 - SCHEDULE II -- CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT (Continued) NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The accompanying condensed financial statements of The Progressive Corporation (parent company) should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto in the Annual Report, which is included as Exhibit 13 to this Form 10-K. Note 1. Statements of Cash Flows -- For the purpose of the condensed statements of cash flows, cash includes only bank demand deposits. The Progressive Corporation does not hold any cash but has unrestricted access to funds maintained in a non-insurance investment subsidiary to meet its holding company obligations. At December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, $ 13.0 billion, $ 6.2 billion, and $ 4.2 billion, respectively, of marketable securities were available in this subsidiary. For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, non-cash activity included declared but unpaid common share dividends of $ 7,972 million, $ 2,695 million, and $ 498 million, respectively. See Note 14 Dividends in the Annual Report for further discussion. For the years ended December 31, The Progressive Corporation paid the following: (millions) 2025 2024 2023 Income taxes $ 3,022 $ 2,540 $ 800 Interest 276 276 265 Note 2. Income Taxes -- The Progressive Corporation files a consolidated federal income tax return with its eligible subsidiaries and acts as an agent for the consolidated tax group when making payments to the Internal Revenue Service. The Progressive Corporation consolidated group's net income taxes currently payable/recoverable are included in accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities or other assets, respectively, in the accompanying condensed balance sheets based on the balance at the end of the year. The Progressive Corporation and its eligible subsidiaries have adopted, pursuant to a written agreement, a method of allocating consolidated federal income taxes. Amounts allocated to the eligible subsidiaries under the written agreement are included in intercompany receivable in the accompanying condensed balance sheets. Note 3. Debt -- The information relating to debt is incorporated by reference from Note 4 Debt in the Annual Report. Note 4. Employee Benefit Plans -- The information relating to incentive compensation and deferred compensation plans is incorporated by reference from Note 9 Employee Benefit Plans in the Annual Report. Note 5. Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) -- On the condensed statements of comprehensive income, other comprehensive income (loss) represents activity of the subsidiaries of The Progressive Corporation and includes net unrealized gains (losses) on fixed-maturity securities and net unrealized losses on forecasted transactions. Note 6. Dividends -- The information relating to our dividend policy is incorporated by reference from Note 14 Dividends in the Annual Report. - 39 - SCHEDULE III -- SUPPLEMENTARY INSURANCE INFORMATION THE PROGRESSIVE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES (millions) Segment Deferred policy acquisition costs 1 Future policy benefits, losses, claims, and loss expenses 1 Unearned premiums 1 Other policy claims and benefits payable 1 Premium revenue Net investment income 1,2 Benefits, claims, losses, and settlement expenses Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs Other operating expenses 1 Net premiums written Year ended December 31, 2025: Personal Lines $ 70,778 $ 46,662 $ 5,070 $ 11,252 $ 72,558 Commercial Lines 10,881 7,296 1,026 1,279 10,613 Other indemnity 2 1 0 22 3 Total $ 2,044 $ 43,310 $ 25,219 $ 0 $ 81,661 $ 3,549 $ 53,959 $ 6,096 $ 12,553 $ 83,174 Year ended December 31, 2024: Personal Lines $ 60,091 $ 41,443 $ 4,360 $ 8,341 $ 63,470 Commercial Lines 10,707 7,610 1,023 1,109 10,953 Other indemnity 1 7 0 12 1 Total $ 1,961 $ 39,057 $ 23,858 $ 0 $ 70,799 $ 2,803 $ 49,060 $ 5,383 $ 9,462 $ 74,424 Year ended December 31, 2023: Personal Lines $ 48,765 $ 37,749 $ 3,660 $ 5,211 $ 51,412 Commercial Lines 9,899 7,900 1,005 1,020 10,138 Other indemnity 1 6 0 11 0 Total $ 1,687 $ 34,389 $ 20,134 $ 0 $ 58,665 $ 1,866 $ 45,655 $ 4,665 $ 6,242 $ 61,550 1 Progressive does not allocate assets, liabilities, or investment income to operating segments. Expense allocations are based on certain assumptions and estimates primarily related to revenue and volume; stated segment operating results would change if different methods were applied. 2 Excludes total net realized gains (losses) on securities. - 40 - SCHEDULE IV -- REINSURANCE THE PROGRESSIVE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES (millions) Year Ended: Gross Amount Ceded to Other Companies Assumed From Other Companies Net Amount Percentage of Amount Assumed to Net December 31, 2025 Premiums earned: Property and liability insurance $ 82,847 $ 1,186 $ 0 $ 81,661 0 % December 31, 2024 Premiums earned: Property and liability insurance $ 72,169 $ 1,370 $ 0 $ 70,799 0 % December 31, 2023 Premiums earned: Property and liability insurance $ 59,881 $ 1,216 $ 0 $ 58,665 0 % - 41 - Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Financial Statement Schedules To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of The Progressive Corporation Our audits of the consolidated financial statements referred to in our report dated March 2, 2026 appearing in the 2025 Annual Report to Shareholders of The Progressive Corporation (which report and consolidated financial statements are incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) also included an audit of the schedule of condensed financial information of registrant as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, schedule of supplementary insurance information as of and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, schedule of reinsurance for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, and schedule of summary of investments other than investments in related parties as of December 31, 2025 listed in Item 15(a)(2) of this Form 10-K. In our opinion, these financial statement schedules present fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Cleveland, Ohio March 2, 2026 - 42 - ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY We have elected not to include a summary of information as permitted under this item. - 43 - SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. THE PROGRESSIVE CORPORATION March 2, 2026 By: /s/ Susan Patricia Griffith Susan Patricia Griffith President and Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. /s/ Susan Patricia Griffith Director, President and Chief Executive Officer March 2, 2026 Susan Patricia Griffith /s/ John P. Sauerland Vice President and Chief Financial Officer March 2, 2026 John P. Sauerland /s/ Carl G. Joyce Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer March 2, 2026 Carl G. Joyce * Chairperson of the Board March 2, 2026 Lawton W. Fitt * Director March 2, 2026 Philip Bleser * Director March 2, 2026 Stuart B. Burgdoerfer * Director March 2, 2026 Pamela J. Craig * Director March 2, 2026 Charles A. Davis * Director March 2, 2026 Roger N. Farah * Director March 2, 2026 Devin C. Johnson * Director March 2, 2026 Jeffrey D. Kelly * Director March 2, 2026 Barbara R. Snyder * Director March 2, 2026 Kahina Van Dyke - 44 - * David M. Stringer, by signing his name hereto, does sign this document on behalf of the persons indicated above pursuant to powers of attorney duly executed by such person. By: /s/ David M. Stringer March 2, 2026 David M. Stringer Attorney-in-fact - 45 - EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Under Reg. S-K, Item 601 Form 10-K Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit If Incorporated by Reference, Documents with Which Exhibit was Previously Filed with SEC 3(i) 3.1 Amended Articles of Incorporation of The Progressive Corporation (as amended March 13, 2018) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on May 1, 2019; Exhibit 3.1 therein) 3(ii) 3.2 Code of Regulations of The Progressive Corporation (as amended October 11, 2024) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on November 4, 2024; Exhibit 3.1 therein) 4 4.1 Description of the Registrant's Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Annual Report on Form 10-K (filed on February 26, 2024; Exhibit 4.1 therein) 4 4.2 Indenture dated as of September 15, 1993 between The Progressive Corporation and State Street Bank and Trust Company (successor in interest to The First National Bank of Boston), as Trustee ("1993 Senior Indenture") (including table of contents and cross-reference sheet) Registration Statement No. 333-48935 (filed on March 31, 1998; Exhibit 4.1 therein) 4 4.3 First Supplemental Indenture dated March 15, 1996 to the 1993 Senior Indenture between The Progressive Corporation and State Street Bank and Trust Company Registration Statement No. 333-01745 (filed on March 15, 1996; Exhibit 4.2 therein) 4 4.4 Second Supplemental Indenture dated February 26, 1999 to the 1993 Senior Indenture between The Progressive Corporation and State Street Bank and Trust Company, as Trustee Registration Statement No. 333-100674 (filed on October 22, 2002; Exhibit 4.3 therein) 4 4.5 Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated November 21, 2002 to the 1993 Senior Indenture between The Progressive Corporation and State Street Bank and Trust Company, as Trustee Registration Statement No. 333-143824 (filed on June 18, 2007; Exhibit 4.5 therein) 4 4.6 Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated June 13, 2007 to the 1993 Senior Indenture between The Progressive Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, evidencing the designation of U.S. Bank National Association as successor Trustee under the 1993 Senior Indenture Registration Statement No. 333-143824 (filed on June 18, 2007; Exhibit 4.6 therein) 4 4.7 Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated April 25, 2014 to the 1993 Senior Indenture between The Progressive Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on April 25, 2014; Exhibit 4.1 therein) 4 4.8 Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated January 26, 2015 to the 1993 Senior Indenture between The Progressive Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on January 26, 2015; Exhibit 4.1 therein) 4 4.9 Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated August 25, 2016 to the 1993 Senior Indenture between The Progressive Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on August 25, 2016; Exhibit 4.1 therein) 4 4.10 Tenth Supplemental Indenture dated April 6, 2017 to the 1993 Senior Indenture between The Progressive Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on April 6, 2017; Exhibit 4.1 therein) - 46 - EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Under Reg. S-K, Item 601 Form 10-K Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit If Incorporated by Reference, Documents with Which Exhibit was Previously Filed with SEC 4 4.11 Eleventh Supplemental Indenture dated March 14, 2018 to the 1993 Senior Indenture between The Progressive Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on March 14, 2018; Exhibit 4.1 therein) 4 4.12 Form of 6 5/8% Senior Notes due 2029, issued in the aggregate principal amount of $300,000,000 under the 1993 Senior Indenture, as amended and supplemented Annual Report on Form 10-K (filed on March 2, 2015; Exhibit 4.2 therein) 4 4.13 Form of 6.25% Senior Notes due 2032, issued in the aggregate principal amount of $400,000,000 under the 1993 Senior Indenture, as amended and supplemented Annual Report on Form 10-K (filed on February 27, 2018; Exhibit 4.3 therein) 4 4.14 Form of 4.35% Senior Notes due 2044, issued in the aggregate principal amount of $350,000,000 under the 1993 Senior Indenture, as amended and supplemented Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on April 25, 2014; Exhibit 4.2 therein) 4 4.15 Form of 3.70% Senior Notes due 2045, issued in the aggregate principal amount of $400,000,000 under the 1993 Senior Indenture, as amended and supplemented Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on January 26, 2015; Exhibit 4.2 therein) 4 4.16 Form of 2.45% Senior Notes due 2027, issued in the aggregate principal amount of $500,000,000 under the 1993 Senior Indenture, as amended and supplemented Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on August 25, 2016; Exhibit 4.2 therein) 4 4.17 Form 4.125% Senior Note Due 2047, issued in the aggregate principal amount of $850,000,000 under the 1993 Senior Indenture, as amended and supplemented Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on April 6, 2017; Exhibit 4.2 therein) 4 4.18 Form 4.20% Senior Note Due 2048, issued in the aggregate principal amount of $600,000,000 under the 1993 Senior Indenture, as amended and supplemented Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on March 14, 2018; Exhibit 4.2 therein) 4 4.19 Indenture dated as of September 12, 2018 between The Progressive Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, Trustee (including table of contents and cross-reference sheet) Registration Statement No. 333-227315 (filed on September 13, 2018; Exhibit 4.2 therein) 4 4.20 First Supplemental Indenture dated October 23, 2018 between The Progressive Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on October 23, 2018; Exhibit 4.1 therein) 4 4.21 Second Supplemental Indenture dated March 26, 2020 between The Progressive Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on March 26, 2020; Exhibit 4.1 therein) 4 4.22 Third Supplemental Indenture between The Progressive Corporation and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on March 9, 2022; Exhibit 4.1 therein) 4 4.23 Fourth Supplemental Indenture between The Progressive Corporation and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on May 25, 2023; Exhibit 4.1 therein) 4 4.24 Form 4.00% Senior Note Due 2029, issued in the aggregate principal amount of $550,000,000 Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on October 23, 2018; Exhibit 4.2 therein) - 47 - EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Under Reg. S-K, Item 601 Form 10-K Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit If Incorporated by Reference, Documents with Which Exhibit was Previously Filed with SEC 4 4.25 Form of 3.20% Senior Note due 2030, issued in the aggregate principal amount of $500,000,000 Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on March 26, 2020; Exhibit 4.2 therein) 4 4.26 Form of 3.95% Senior Note due 2050, issued in the aggregate principal amount of $500,000,000 Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on March 26, 2020; Exhibit 4.3 therein) 4 4.27 Form of 2.50% Senior Note due 2027 Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on March 9, 2022; Exhibit 4.2 therein) 4 4.28 Form of 3.00% Senior Note due 2032 Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on March 9, 2022; Exhibit 4.3 therein) 4 4.29 Form of 3.70% Senior Note due 2052 Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on March 9, 2022; Exhibit 4.4 therein) 4 4.30 Form of 4.95% Senior Note due 2033 Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on May 25, 2023; Exhibit 4.2 therein) 4 4.31 Form of Confirmation Letter-Discretionary Line of Credit from PNC Bank, National Association to The Progressive Corporation Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on May 1, 2019; Exhibit 4.1 therein) 4 4.32 Amendment to Discretionary Line Documents - Discretionary Line of Credit from PNC Bank, National Association, to The Progressive Corporation (2020 Amendment) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on August 4, 2020; Exhibit 5.1 therein) 4 4.33 Amendment to Discretionary Line Documents - Discretionary Line of Credit from PNC Bank, National Association, to The Progressive Corporation (2021 Amendment) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on August 3, 2021; Exhibit 4.1 therein) 4 4.34 Amendment to Discretionary Line Documents - Discretionary Line of Credit from PNC Bank, National Association to The Progressive Corporation (2023 Amendment) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on May 2, 2023; Exhibit 4.1 therein) 4 4.35 Form of Amended and Restated Discretionary Line of Credit Note from The Progressive Corporation to PNC Bank, National Association Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on May 2, 2023; Exhibit 4.2 therein) 10(iii) 10.1 The Progressive Corporation 202 6 Gainshare Plan Filed herewith 10(iii) 10.2 The Progressive Corporation 2015 Equity Incentive Plan Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on February 4, 2015; Exhibit 10.1 therein) 10(iii) 10.3 The Progressive Corporation 2024 Equity Incentive Plan Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on May 14, 2024; Exhibit 10 therein) 10(iii) 10.4 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Time-Based Awards (for 202 5 ) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on May 5, 2024; Exhibit 10.1 therein) 10(iii) 10.5 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Time-Based Awards (for 2024) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on May 6, 2024; Exhibit 10.1 therein) 10(iii) 10.6 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Time-Based Awards under The Progressive Corporation 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (for 2023) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on May 2, 2023; Exhibit 10.1 therein) 10(iii) 10.7 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Time-Based Awards under The Progressive Corporation 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (for 2022) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on May 2, 2022; Exhibit 10.1 therein) - 48 - EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Under Reg. S-K, Item 601 Form 10-K Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit If Incorporated by Reference, Documents with Which Exhibit was Previously Filed with SEC 10(iii) 10.8 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Performance-Based Awards (Performance Versus Market) (for 202 5 ) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on May 5, 2025; Exhibit 10.2 therein) 10(iii) 10.9 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Performance-Based Awards (Performance Versus Market) (for 2024) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on May 6, 2024; Exhibit 10.2 therein) 10(iii) 10.10 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Performance-Based Awards (Performance Versus Market) under The Progressive Corporation 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (for 2023) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on May 2, 2023; Exhibit 10.2 therein) 10(iii) 10.11 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Performance-Based Awards (Investment Results) (for 202 5 ) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on May 5, 2025; Exhibit 10.3 therein) 10(iii) 10.12 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Performance-Based Awards (Investment Results) (for 2024) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on May 6, 2024; Exhibit 10.3 therein) 10(iii) 10.13 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Special Time/Performance-Based Award (for 202 5 ) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on May 5, 2025; Exhibit 10.4 therein) 10(iii) 10.14 Chief Executive Officer Amendment No. 1 to Certain Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements Annual Report on Form 10-K (filed on February 26, 2024; Exhibit 10.14 therein) 10(iii) 10.15 The Progressive Corporation 2017 Directors Equity Incentive Plan (2022 Amendment and Restatement) Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on May 16, 2022; Exhibit 10 therein) 10(iii) 10.16 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under The Progressive Corporation Amended and Restated 2017 Directors Equity Incentive Plan (for 202 5 ) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on August 4, 2025; Exhibit 10.1 therein) 10(iii) 10.17 The Progressive Corporation Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (2003 Amendment and Restatement) Registration Statement No. 333-185704 (filed on December 27, 2012; Exhibit 4.3 therein) 10(iii) 10.18 First Amendment to The Progressive Corporation Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (2003 Amendment and Restatement) Registration Statement No. 333-185704 (filed on December 27, 2012; Exhibit 4.4 therein) 10(iii) 10.19 Second Amendment to The Progressive Corporation Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (2003 Amendment and Restatement) Registration Statement No. 333-185704 (filed on December 27, 2012; Exhibit 4.5 therein) 10(iii) 10.20 Third Amendment to The Progressive Corporation Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (2003 Amendment and Restatement) Registration Statement No. 333-185704 (filed on December 27, 2012; Exhibit 4.6 therein) 10(iii) 10.21 Fourth Amendment to The Progressive Corporation Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (2003 Amendment and Restatement) Registration Statement No. 333-185704 (filed on December 27, 2012; Exhibit 4.7 therein) 10(iii) 10.22 The Progressive Corporation Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (2008 Amendment and Restatement) Registration Statement No. 333-185704 (filed on December 27, 2012; Exhibit 4.8 therein) - 49 - EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Under Reg. S-K, Item 601 Form 10-K Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit If Incorporated by Reference, Documents with Which Exhibit was Previously Filed with SEC 10(iii) 10.23 First Amendment to The Progressive Corporation Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (2008 Amendment and Restatement) Registration Statement No. 333-185704 (filed on December 27, 2012; Exhibit 4.9 therein) 10(iii) 10.24 The Progressive Corporation Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (2010 Amendment and Restatement) Registration Statement No. 333-185704 (filed on December 27, 2012; Exhibit 4.10 therein) 10(iii) 10.25 First Amendment to The Progressive Corporation Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (2010 Amendment and Restatement) Registration Statement No. 333-185704 (filed on December 27, 2012; Exhibit 4.11 therein) 10(iii) 10.26 Second Amendment to The Progressive Corporation Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (2010 Amendment and Restatement) Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on October 14, 2014; Exhibit 10 therein) 10(iii) 10.27 Third Amendment to the Progressive Corporation Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (2010 Amendment and Restatement) Annual Report on Form 10-K (filed on February 29, 2016; Exhibit 10.53 therein) 10(iii) 10.28 Fourth Amendment to The Progressive Corporation Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (2010 Amendment and Restatement) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on November 2, 2017; Exhibit 10 therein) 10(iii) 10.29 The Progressive Corporation Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (2018 Amendment and Restatement) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on July 31, 2018; Exhibit 10 therein) 10(iii) 10.30 First Amendment to The Progressive Corporation Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (2018 Amendment and Restatement) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on August 5, 2024; Exhibit 10.2 therein) 10(iii) 10.31 The Progressive Corporation Directors Deferral Plan (2008 Amendment and Restatement) Annual Report on Form 10-K (filed on February 27, 2018; Exhibit 10.91 therein) 10(iii) 10.32 The Progressive Corporation Directors Deferral Plan (2015 Amendment and Restatement) Annual Report on Form 10-K (filed on February 29, 2016; Exhibit 10.77 therein) 10(iii) 10.33 The Progressive Corporation Directors Restricted Stock Deferral Plan (2008 Amendment and Restatement) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on May 1, 2019; Exhibit 10.4 therein) 10(iii) 10.34 First Amendment to The Progressive Corporation Directors Restricted Stock Deferral Plan (2008 Amendment and Restatement) Annual Report on Form 10-K (filed on February 27, 2019; Exhibit 10.56 therein) 10(iii) 10.35 Director Compensation Schedule for 202 5 -202 6 Term Filed herewith 10(iii) 10.36 The Progressive Corporation Executive Separation Allowance Plan (2024 Amendment and Restatement) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on August 5, 2024; Exhibit 10.3 therein) 10(iii) 10.37 202 6 Progressive Capital Management Annual Incentive Plan Filed herewith 13 13 Annual Report to Shareholders of The Progressive Corporation and subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2025 Filed herewith 19 19 The Progressive Corporation Insider Trading Policy Annual Report on Form 10-K (filed on March 3, 2025; Exhibit 19 therein) 21 21 Subsidiaries of The Progressive Corporation Filed herewith - 50 - EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Under Reg. S-K, Item 601 Form 10-K Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit If Incorporated by Reference, Documents with Which Exhibit was Previously Filed with SEC 23 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Filed herewith 24 24 Powers of Attorney Filed herewith 31 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the Principal Executive Officer, Susan Patricia Griffith Filed herewith 31 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the Principal Financial Officer, John P. Sauerland Filed herewith 32 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer, Susan Patricia Griffith Furnished herewith 32 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer, John P. Sauerland Furnished herewith 97 97 The Progressive Corporation Dodd-Frank Clawback Policy Annual Report on Form 10-K (filed on February 26, 2024; Exhibit 97 therein) 99 99 Letter to Shareholders from Susan Patricia Griffith, President and Chief Executive Officer Filed herewith 101 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. Filed herewith 101 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document Filed herewith 101 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document Filed herewith 101 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document Filed herewith 101 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document Filed herewith 101 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document Filed herewith 104 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). Filed herewith - 51 -
